QA Standards
English
English
Deutsch
Français
Español
Italiano
Português
Nederlands
|
Help
|
Sign in
|
Give Feedback
How would you rate your experience using this page?
Very Dissatisfied
Dissatisfied
Neutral
Satisfied
Very Satisfied
Visit our
help center
for resources to common issues
Click here
to take our survey and give us detailed feedback.
Thank you for your feedback.
Click here
to take our survey and give us detailed feedback.
Bookshelf
|
Reports
|
Community
|
Marketing
Help Topics
Help
KDP Help Center Home
Account & Taxes
Set up your KDP account
Create a KDP Account
Add or update a bank account
I set up my bank account, but I haven't received any payments.
Troubleshooting common bank account errors
Payment Service Provider Program FAQ
Payment Service Provider Program Updates
Payment Service Provider Program Risk Management Controls
Manage Your KDP Account
What happens when I close my KDP account?
Account security and avoiding scams
Sign in Issues
Two-Step Verification
Verify your identity
Accepted IDs for Identity Verification
What if my account name or country changes or is different from my ID?
Taking photos of your ID
Troubleshoot Identity Verification Errors
CreateSpace Account
Tax Information
Year End Tax Forms
What is my tax information status?
Complete Tax Profile
Tax Withholding
Kindle Store: BR - BR Tax Withholding
Goods and Services Tax (GST) for eBooks in Australia and India
Taiwan VAT
Applying for a US ITIN
Applying for a U.S. EIN for Corporations and Non-Individual Entities
How Taxes Affect List Prices
Setting Prices for Amazon Japan
How EU and the UK Taxes Affect Print Books List Price
How EU Taxes Affect eBooks List Price
EU VAT Invoices
Book Formatting
Format Your Paperback
Set Trim Size, Bleed, and Margins
Format Front Matter, Body Matter, and Back Matter
Save Your Manuscript File
Paperback and Hardcover Manuscript Templates
Cover Creator
Create a Paperback Cover
Format Images in Your Book
Paperback Fonts
Fix Paperback and Hardcover Formatting Issues
Paperback Submission Guidelines
Format Your Hardcover
Create a Hardcover Cover
Format Your eBook
What criteria does my eBook's cover image need to meet?
Why is my cover image not updating on Amazon?
What file formats are supported for eBook manuscripts?
Digital Rights Management
Create a Table of Contents
Tools and Resources
KDP Tools and Resources
Publishing Service Providers & Resources
Kindle Create Help Overview
Getting Started with Kindle Create
Kindle Create Tutorial
Prepare Reflowable and Print Books with Kindle Create
Prepare Comic and Kids' eBooks with Kindle Create
Prepare Print Replica Books with Kindle Create
Previewing and Publishing Your Kindle Create Book
Kindle Previewer
Quality Notifications Dashboard
Guide to Kindle Content Quality
Enhanced Typesetting
X-Ray for Authors
X-Ray for Authors: Tips and Tricks
KDP Publishing
Start publishing with KDP
KDP Bookshelf
Book Supported Languages
Arabic
Chinese (Traditional) (Beta)
Publishing in Hebrew, Persian, and Yiddish
Indian-Language Publishing
Create a Book
Book Detail Resources
Books Titles & Editions
Fixing typos on a book title or author name
Authors & Contributors
Write a Book Description
Fixing errors or formatting with book descriptions
Make Your Book More Discoverable with Keywords
Kindle eBook Pre-Order
Setting up pre-orders
Pre-order statuses
Reschedule a pre-order release
Delay or cancel a pre-order release
Pre-order pricing and sales reports
Primary Audience and Reading Age
Publishing Public Domain Content
Language & Reading direction
Release Date Options
Schedule a Release
Upload Book Resources
Accessibility for eBooks
Accessibility Features on Detail Page
What is an ISBN and Imprint?
Get an ISBN
Change or view your ISBN
Troubleshoot ISBN errors
Barcodes
Print Options
Color Ink Options
Groundwood Paper
Upload and Preview Book Content
Convert a Paperback Word File to PDF
Pricing Resources
Price Your Book
Price Troubleshooting
Paperback Printing Cost
Hardcover Printing Cost
RedirectA
Printing Cost & Royalty Calculator
Timelines
Book Status
Low-Content Books
Hardcover
Hardcover Print Elements
Beta: Audiobooks with virtual voice
Getting started with audiobooks with virtual voice
Audiobooks with virtual voice eligibility and troubleshooting
Virtual voice audio samples
Pricing, royalties, and reports for audiobooks
Edit audio in the Virtual Voice Studio
Terms and Conditions for the Beta Version of Audiobooks with Virtual Voice
Beta: Kindle Translate
Getting Started with Kindle Translate
Kindle Translate Languages
Kindle Translate Eligibility and Troubleshooting
Kindle Translate Quality
Pricing, royalties, and reports for translations
Terms and Conditions for the Beta Version of Kindle Translate
Start a Book Series
Update Your Series
Edit your Series
Delete a series
Set the reading order for your series
Where can I find my Amazon Series Page?
How to create a series with multiple authors
Can I offer discounts to books in my series?
Series Collections on kdp.amazon.co.jp
Orders & Book Copies
Proof and Author Copies
How do I order a proof or author copy?
How much do proof or author copies cost?
What is the cost to ship my proof or author copy?
When will my proof or author copy arrive?
I’m getting an error ordering my author copy
I’m getting an error ordering my proof copy
My proof or author copy came damaged
My proof or author copy didn’t arrive on time
My proof or author copy has printing errors
Amazon Store & Detail Page
KDP Categories
Read Sample (Look Inside the Book)
Customer Reviews
Search Results
How to find your book on Amazon
Troubleshoot search results
Link Your Books Together
Why are my books not linked on Amazon?
Link Your Books on the KDP Bookshelf
How do I unlink my books?
Sales Ranking
Book Trends Data
Recaps
Marketing & Distribution
Guidelines for use of the Available at Amazon Badge by KDP Publishers
Ways to Promote Your Book
KDP Select
How to enroll in KDP Select
How to cancel KDP Select
KDP Select Benefits
KDP Select Bonus
Kindle Countdown Deals
Kindle Unlimited
Royalties in Kindle Unlimited
Free Book Promotions
Author Central
A+ Content
Create A+ Content
A+ Content Examples
A+ Content Guidelines
Advertising for KDP books
Expanded Distribution
eBook Distribution Rights
Paperback and Hardcover Distribution Rights
Merchandising Tips
Buying and Gifting eBooks for Others
Sample Chapters
Audiobooks Through ACX
Amazon Literary Contests
Nominate Your eBook for a Promotion (Beta)
Book Updates
Update Your Book
Update your book details
Update Your Manuscript
Modify Converted eBook Content
How to Send Your Updated eBook to Customers or Yourself
Update Your Cover
Remove or unpublish a book
Payments & Reports
Royalties
eBook Royalties
Paperback Royalty
Hardcover Royalty
KDP Reports
How do I view a report of my orders and payment royalties?
Dashboard
Orders Report
KENP Read
Promotions Report
Pre-Order Report
Month-to-Date Report
Prior Months' Royalties Report
Royalties Estimator
Payment Report
KDP Payments
KDP Payment Options
When will I get paid?
Troubleshoot Payment Issues
Legal & Content Guidelines
Kindle Direct Publishing Terms and Conditions
Digital  Book Pricing Page
Print Book Pricing Page
eBook List Price Requirements
Program Policies
Content Guidelines
Metadata Guidelines for Books
Intellectual Property Rights Frequently Asked Questions
Reporting Possible Violations of Our Guidelines
Privacy Notice Information
Bonus Content
Featured Offer Eligibility for Third-Party Sellers
EU Regulation on Deforestation-free Products (EUDR)
User Guides
Kindle Publishing Guidelines
Getting Started
Introduction
Paths to Getting Your Content on Kindle
Comparing Formats
General Best Practices
Cover Image Guidelines
Navigation Guidelines
HTML and CSS Guidelines
Hyperlink Guidelines
QA Standards
Boxed and Bundles Edition Guidelines (eBook format only)
Guidelines for Specific Types of eBooks
Creating Reflowable Books
Text Guidelines - Reflowable
Image Guidelines - Reflowable
Table Guidelines - Reflowable
Creating Fixed-Layout Books with Text Pop-Ups
Creating Fixed-Layout Books with Image Pop-Ups or Virtual Panels
Creating Fixed-Layout Books Without Pop-Ups
Creating Kindle Editions with Audio/Video Content
Creating Dictionaries
Appendices
Enhanced Typesetting and Page Flip
Attributes and Tags Supported by Enhanced Typesetting
HTML and CSS Tags Supported in Kindle Format 8
Media Queries
Guidelines for Creating a Source File
KDP Jumpstart
1 – Set Up Your KDP Account
2 – Prepare Your Manuscript
3 – Prepare Your Cover
4 – Title Setup: Book Details, Content, & Pricing
5 – Publishing & Review
6 – Promoting Your Book & Getting Paid
KDP University
Webinars
Videos
Contact Us
Have feedback? Can't find your answer in our Help pages?
Contact Us
Search Help
User Guides
Kindle Publishing Guidelines
General Best Practices
QA Standards
QA Standards
Amazon strongly recommends that you verify your exported content before converting it into a Kindle book because some content creation tools format content differently when exporting to HTML. No matter which tool you use, Amazon has import restrictions:
Individual HTML files within the eBook must be smaller than 30 MB. If an individual file is larger, split the HTML file into smaller files to meet the requirement.
The eBook must contain fewer than 300 HTML files.
In addition, Amazon encourages you to review the entire book for:
Missing content
Font files in the eBook with zero bytes
Wrong content
Typos and complete character support
Alignment errors
Forced typeface throughout the entire book (reflowable only) or correct font (fixed-layout)
Image quality
Proper paragraph spacing and indenting
Forced font color or background color (reflowable only)
Content accessibility errors, including:
Missing or improperly nested headings
Improperly described links
Insufficient contrast between text and background colors (WCAG standards recommends a minimum contrast ratio of 4.5:1)
Improperly structured data tables (see
Create Simple HTML Tables
)
Images missing text alternatives (see
Use Supported Input Formats
)
These errors negatively affect readability and may require the Amazon team to suppress the title to protect the reader's experience.
Testing Kindle eBooks
There are three ways to test your Kindle book before adding it to the Kindle store:
Kindle Previewer.
Publishers and self-publishers can test eBooks using Kindle Previewer, available for both Windows and Mac OS X. Kindle Previewer is a great way to test your eBooks for formatting issues, and preview how they will appear on the latest Kindle devices and applications.
Download the most recent version of Kindle Previewer
(
Note:
Older versions of Kindle Previewer don't support Enhanced Typesetting).
KDP.
For self-publishers, Kindle Direct Publishing accepts a variety of book formats and provides preview capability on the website.
Learn more or sign up
.
Kindle Create.
If you're a self-publisher using
Kindle Create
to build your eBook, you can preview it in the tool.
If you are testing a reflowable eBook that supports Enhanced Typesetting, you can use the thumbnail view in Kindle Previewer to review the overall layout, or use Auto-Advance to automatically flip through the book. You can also selectively preview pages that contain images, tables, lists, drop caps, and links, using the View All option in the top pane of Kindle Previewer to ensure that each of these elements appear and behave as expected. The Conversion Log shows any errors or warnings that arise due to Kindle conversion. Enhanced Typesetting warnings and errors are available for books written in all languages except Japanese, Simplified Chinese, and Russian. For more details on using Kindle Previewer, refer to the user guide available in the Help menu.
Note:
Amazon no longer recommends sideloading eBooks to devices for testing, because sideloading does not provide an accurate preview of Enhanced Typesetting features.
When you preview your book, use this checklist to confirm that your Kindle eBook doesn't contain blatant errors.
Open the book for the first time and go to the cover.
Cover: The Kindle book should have a cover.
Single Cover: From the cover, flip to the next page. There should not be another image of the cover page.
Go to the table of contents (where applicable).
On the table of contents page of your eBook, confirm that each item is clickable and links to the correct location in the book. There should be no page numbers in the ToC.
Repeat this process in the table of contents displayed in the left pane of the previewer.
Go to any location in the book (reflowable eBooks only).
Font size: Change the font size; the book font should change accordingly. Regular text should not be bold or italicized.
Typeface: Change the typeface; the book font should change accordingly. If you have designed your book to use only a specific font file, make sure that you have followed the
guidelines for embedded fonts
. Not following these guidelines could lead to the Kindle settings reverting to the customer's preferred reading font.
Go back to the first page and flip through every page of the book.
Images: Images should not be too small. Make sure that all text in images is legible. Large pictures should be scaled to fit the page and display in their entirety on one screen.
Tables: Tables should appear correctly. Make sure that all text in tables is legible.
Material only included with physical book:  There should not be any references to material (such as a CD or DVD) that is only included with the physical book.
Background settings (reflowable eBooks only): Confirm that your text is legible in all background color modes (white, black, mint, and sepia).
Magnification (fixed-layout only): Activate pop-ups/panel view and check that all text content and/or panels have corresponding magnification, no content is overflowing the edge of the screen, and magnified reading order is correct.
To ensure a high-quality experience for all readers, Amazon recommends testing the accessibility of your book. Tools for checking content accessibility will vary based on your book format.
Word: Use the built-in
Accessibility Checker within Microsoft Word
PDF: Use the built-in
Accessibility Checker within Adobe Acrobat Pro
EPUB: Use the
ACE Accessibility Checker from the DAISY Consortium
HTML: Convert your HTML file to Word and review content accessibility with the Microsoft Accessibility Checker.
Amazon recommends resolving all accessibility errors before uploading your manuscript to Kindle.
Make more money and reach more readers through Kindle Unlimited.
Learn More
Total KDP Select Author Earnings
June 2026
&#x2022;
$67.0 Million
&copy;
1996-2026, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
Amazon and Kindle are trademarks of Amazon.com Inc. or its affiliates.
KDP Select
Earn more money and
reach new readers
KDP Community
Connect with experts
and fellow authors
CreateSpace
Indie print publishing
made easy
ACX
Indie audiobook publishing
made easy
KDP Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Notice
|
Conditions of Use
|
Contact Us
|
Join Our Team
|
kdp.amazon.co.jp
An unexpected error occurred.  Please try again later.
Your session has expired
Please sign in to continue
Sign In
edit
